Preprocess forecast fill (#493)
SolarArbiter/solarforecastarbiter-core: docs/source/whatsnew/1.0.0rc1.rst

  to generate reference probabilistic persistence forecasts (:pull:`490`)
* :py:func:`solarforecastarbiter.reference_forecasts.utils.get_data_start_end`
  now requires an `issue_time` argument (:pull:`497`)

>   * Added a ``missing_forecast`` parameter to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Added a ``forecast_fill_method`` parameter to
```

Author: that's what i get for trying to rush. sorry about these

    :py:class:`solarforecastarbiter.datamodel.ReportParameters`
    (:issue:`423`) (:pull:`493`)
  * Added :py:func:`solarforecastarbiter.metrics.preprocessing.apply_fill` that

>     applies filling missing or ``numpy.nan`` values. (:issue:`423`) (:pull:`493`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    drops or fills missing or ``numpy.nan`` values with the last valid value or with a float. (:issue:`423`) (:pull:`493`)
```

>   * Added new arguments `missing_forecast`, `start`, and `end` to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Added new arguments `forecast_fill_method`, `start`, and `end` to
```

  a constant cost factor, a time-of-day varying factor, a datetime varying
  factor, and a cost that depends on the magnitude of the error. (:pull:`487`)
  (:issue:`126`)
* Allow daily persistence forecasts to start at anytime instead of
  restricted to midnight UTC (:pull:`497`) (:issue:`471`)

>   * Added support for filling missing and ``numpy.nan` data for forecasts.
>     (:issue:`423`) (:pull:`493`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added support for filling missing and ``numpy.nan` data for forecasts.
  (:issue:`423`) (:pull:`493`)
```
